CC0 1.0 Universal

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator and
subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of
authorship and/or a database (each, a "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for the
purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and scientific
works ("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear of later
claims of infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other works, reuse
and redistribute as freely as possible in any form whatsoever and for any
purposes, including without limitation commercial purposes. These owners may
contribute to the Commons to promote the ideal of a free culture and the
further production of creative, cultural and scientific works, or to gain
reputation or greater distribution for their Work in part through the use and
efforts of others.

For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any expectation
of additional consideration or compensation, the person associating CC0 with a
Work (the "Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she is an owner of Copyright
and Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily elects to apply CC0 to the Work
and publicly distribute the Work under its terms, with knowledge of his or her
Copyright and Related Rights in the Work and the meaning and intended legal
effect of CC0 on those rights.

1. Copyright and Related Rights. A Work made available under CC0 may be
protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and
Related Rights"). Copyright and Related Rights include, but are not limited
to, the following:

  i. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display, communicate,
  and translate a Work;

  ii. moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or performer(s);

  iii. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image or likeness
  depicted in a Work;

  iv. rights protecting against unfair competition in regards to a Work,
  subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below;

  v. rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in
  a Work;

  vi. database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the
  European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal
  protection of databases, and under any national implementation thereof,
  including any amended or successor version of such directive); and

  vii. other similar, equivalent or corresponding rights throughout the world
  based on applicable law or treaty, and any national implementations thereof.

2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of,
applicable law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and
unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of Affirmer's Copyright
and Related Rights and associated claims and causes of action, whether now
known or unknown (including existing as well as future claims and causes of
action), in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum
duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time
extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of
copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation
commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "Waiver"). Affirmer makes
the Waiver for the benefit of each member of the public at large and to the
detriment of Affirmer's heirs and successors, fully intending that such Waiver
shall not be subject to revocation, rescission, cancellation, termination, or
any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the quiet enjoyment of the Work
by the public as contemplated by Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be
judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver
shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account
Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose. In addition, to the extent the Waiver
is so judged Affirmer hereby grants to each affected person a royalty-free,
non transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and
unconditional license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights in
the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration
provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii)
in any current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any
purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or
promotional purposes (the "License"). The License shall be deemed effective as
of the date CC0 was applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of the
License for any reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under
applicable law, such partial invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not
invalidate the remainder of the License, and in such case Affirmer hereby
affirms that he or she will not (i) exercise any of his or her remaining
Copyright and Related Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any associated claims
and causes of action with respect to the Work, in either case contrary to
Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.

  a. No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned,
  surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document.

  b. Affirmer offers the Work as-is and makes no representations or warranties
  of any kind concerning the Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise,
  including without limitation warranties of title, merchantability, fitness
  for a particular purpose, non infringement, or the absence of latent or
  other defects, accuracy, or the present or absence of errors, whether or not
  discoverable, all to the greatest extent permissible under applicable law.

  c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility for clearing rights of other persons
  that may apply to the Work or any use thereof, including without limitation
  any person's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work. Further, Affirmer
  disclaims responsibility for obtaining any necessary consents, permissions
  or other rights required for any use of the Work.

  d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative Commons is not a
  party to this document and has no duty or obligation with respect to this
  CC0 or use of the Work.

For more information, please see
<http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/>


----------


VIM LICENSE

I)  There are no restrictions on distributing unmodified copies of Vim except
    that they must include this license text.  You can also distribute
    unmodified parts of Vim, likewise unrestricted except that they must
    include this license text.  You are also allowed to include executables
    that you made from the unmodified Vim sources, plus your own usage
    examples and Vim scripts.

II) It is allowed to distribute a modified (or extended) version of Vim,
    including executables and/or source code, when the following four
    conditions are met:
    1) This license text must be included unmodified.
    2) The modified Vim must be distributed in one of the following five ways:
       a) If you make changes to Vim yourself, you must clearly describe in
	  the distribution how to contact you.  When the maintainer asks you
	  (in any way) for a copy of the modified Vim you distributed, you
	  must make your changes, including source code, available to the
	  maintainer without fee.  The maintainer reserves the right to
	  include your changes in the official version of Vim.  What the
	  maintainer will do with your changes and under what license they
	  will be distributed is negotiable.  If there has been no negotiation
	  then this license, or a later version, also applies to your changes.
	  The current maintainer is Bram Moolenaar <Bram@vim.org>.  If this
	  changes it will be announced in appropriate places (most likely
	  vim.sf.net, www.vim.org and/or comp.editors).  When it is completely
	  impossible to contact the maintainer, the obligation to send him
	  your changes ceases.  Once the maintainer has confirmed that he has
	  received your changes they will not have to be sent again.
       b) If you have received a modified Vim that was distributed as
	  mentioned under a) you are allowed to further distribute it
	  unmodified, as mentioned at I).  If you make additional changes the
	  text under a) applies to those changes.
       c) Provide all the changes, including source code, with every copy of
	  the modified Vim you distribute.  This may be done in the form of a
	  context diff.  You can choose what license to use for new code you
	  add.  The changes and their license must not restrict others from
	  making their own changes to the official version of Vim.
       d) When you have a modified Vim which includes changes as mentioned
	  under c), you can distribute it without the source code for the
	  changes if the following three conditions are met:
	  - The license that applies to the changes permits you to distribute
	    the changes to the Vim maintainer without fee or restriction, and
	    permits the Vim maintainer to include the changes in the official
	    version of Vim without fee or restriction.
	  - You keep the changes for at least three years after last
	    distributing the corresponding modified Vim.  When the maintainer
	    or someone who you distributed the modified Vim to asks you (in
	    any way) for the changes within this period, you must make them
	    available to him.
	  - You clearly describe in the distribution how to contact you.  This
	    contact information must remain valid for at least three years
	    after last distributing the corresponding modified Vim, or as long
	    as possible.
       e) When the GNU General Public License (GPL) applies to the changes,
	  you can distribute the modified Vim under the GNU GPL version 2 or
	  any later version.
    3) A message must be added, at least in the output of the ":version"
       command and in the intro screen, such that the user of the modified Vim
       is able to see that it was modified.  When distributing as mentioned
       under 2)e) adding the message is only required for as far as this does
       not conflict with the license used for the changes.
    4) The contact information as required under 2)a) and 2)d) must not be
       removed or changed, except that the person himself can make
       corrections.

III) If you distribute a modified version of Vim, you are encouraged to use
     the Vim license for your changes and make them available to the
     maintainer, including the source code.  The preferred way to do this is
     by e-mail or by uploading the files to a server and e-mailing the URL.
     If the number of changes is small (e.g., a modified Makefile) e-mailing a
     context diff will do.  The e-mail address to be used is
     <maintainer@vim.org>

IV)  It is not allowed to remove this license from the distribution of the Vim
     sources, parts of it or from a modified version.  You may use this
     license for previous Vim releases instead of the license that they came
     with, at your option.


----------


Copyright (c) <year> <copyright holders>

 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
 of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
 in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
 to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
 copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
 furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
 all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
 IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
 AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
 OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
 THE SOFTWARE.
